---
layout: post
title: Week Seven
---

### What did I do this past week?
This past week I have been mainly focusing on prepping for my interviews over the next couple of weeks. I also began studying for my Algo and the OOP test that are this upcoming week (both on the same day for me!). I also have an Arabic Test this Wednesday, which I also began studying for this past week. Overall this past week has just been a lot of studying and prepping for interviews.

### What's in your way?
Currently, my focus is landing a solid internship for this upcoming summer. So I would say the main things that are in my way are these upcoming tests.

### What will you do next week?
This next week I’ll obviously continue studying for tests/interviews, doing interviews, and taking all these tests. I plan on going over all the old readings as well as going through the topic list that Dr. Downing posted on Piazza. For Algo, I’m going to start going through all the proofs and practice sets that Dr. Gal has given us. I’ve never been horrible with proofs, but I’ve never been particularly exceptional at them either.

This past week of class was confusing, nevertheless, it was still interesting. Didn’t do too hot on the quizzes, mainly because I wasn’t able to keep up with the readings this past week. I’m also hoping we continue to have guest speakers in the class, as the last two were quite great!

### Pick of the week
In addition to Cracking the Coding Interview, I also highly recommend the Elements of Programming Interview book. It had harder questions than CCTI, and it’s got some great exercises!


