---
layout: post
title: Week Thirteen
---
### What did I do this past week?
This past week was quite busy. I had an absurdly hard Arabic exam – which was thankfully curved because the test was unfair. My partner and I were able to finish the Life program early Thursday. I didn’t think Life was too tough, I think the toughest program so far for me was probably the Darwin project. 

### What's in your way?
Currently, I would say I have Thanksgiving break in my way. After Thanksgiving break, I have an Arabic oral exam, the OOP exam, an Algorithms exam, two 10-page papers due, and one presentation. I think I will end my break on Saturday, because I can’t afford to mess up any of those exams or turn in any of those papers late. 

### What will you do next week?
This next week is obviously Thanksgiving break. I’ll actually be staying in Austin for the first time for Thanksgiving. My brother recently purchased a house in the Domain area, so my entire family will be spending Thanksgiving at his new home. I’m excited to spend the holidays here, as I’ve never spent a long break here in Austin. 

This past week of class went alright–I did alright on the quizzes. I enjoyed the the Spiceworks presentation as well and learning about Abstract classes. Looking forward to get more into it this week. 

### Pick of the week
One thing I like to do to stay productive is listen to music I don’t usually listen to while I study. I find listening to different music changes up my pace which ultimately helps my productivity. Apple music now has radios per genre and I belive Spotify has a Discover Weekly station that are both perfect for doing this!



