---
layout: post
title: Week Two
---

### What did I do this past week?
This past week, like most others in the class, I started on Project 1. I started a little late in the week, but I'll explain why in the next section. I spent most of this week working on personal/side projects and preparing for recruiting, as that is starting up for most people within the next couple of weeks. In addition to all of this CS stuff, I also had an essay due for a history class on Amartya Sen's article "Civilizational Imprisonments". It's really quite a short article, and I highly recommend all read it. Even though my Arabic class continues to have a high amount of homework, I am enjoying the class much more than I thought I would.

### What's in your way?
I started the project only yesterday, and the reason I started so late is because I'm trying to study up for technical interviews and such. As I get more comfortable with technical interview questions and coding on a white board, I plan on dedicating much more time to all of my classes.

### What will you do next week?
Next week, I hope to start on the Project 2 a little earlier, but I also hope to ramp up my studying for technical interviews.

This week continues to confirm what I stated last week in my blog post. I really like the focus Dr. Downing gives on optimizations that we can make in our code. One is really never "done" with code, as there are always ways to further optimize things. I am also not as intimidated by the cold calls. Dr. Downing explains things very well and if you don't know the answer, he is able to walk people through it. I feel much more comfortable and relaxed in the class than last week.

### Pick of the week
Besides going through Cracking the Coding Interview, I would also highly recommend  [InterviewBit](https://www.interviewbit.com). It has tons of helpful exercises and problems!
