---
layout: post
title: Week Ten
---
### What did I do this past week?
This past week I had an onsite, and some algorithm homework. I am also happy to say I am finally DONE interviewing. I got the offer I wanted and accepted it this past week.

### What's in your way?
This week I have an algorithm exam and I have a major paper due on Wednesday. I finally made some progress on Project 4 today, and I am hoping to finish that within the next couple of days. Unfortunately, I didn’t too well on the first exam. I will be working harder this 2nd half of the semester to make sure my grade is where I want it to be. 

### What will you do next week?
This next week I’ll be studying a lot for my algorithms exam. I also have lots of reading to do for my essay due this Wednesday. I will also continue working on Project 4 and start on Project 5. 

This past week I unfortunately had to miss one of the quizzes – the same day the Pariveda people came in. I did well on the quiz on Monday, and am looking forward to the upcoming weeks in OOP. I will be focusing more to make sure I can make a solid recovery from the first test.

### Pick of the week
When you get offers, make sure you negotiate. ESPECIALLY if you have multiple offers. This is another reason its important to apply to multiple places. You can always use other offers to increase salary for whatever your top choice is. I have had friends who have been able to increase full-time salaries by $10,000. Even if your happy with the initial offer, its always a good idea to do some industry research to make you are not being low-balled. 

