---
layout: post
title: Week Three
---

### What did I do this past week?
Early this week, I spent most of my time finishing up Project 1, which I was able to turn in one day early. Throughout the entire week I spent a lot of time working on Arabic homework and reading for Algorithms. Algorithms and Arabic are both picking up rather fast in terms of difficulty and intensity. Unfortunately, I didn’t get to spend as much time as I would have like to on interview prep, but I hope to really ramp that up this upcoming week.

### What's in your way?
Currently, I don’t think I have any academic barriers. I think what will be in the way for the rest of the semester will be NFL. I try to catch every game and I am in 4 Fantasy Leagues. I’m a huge Greenbay fan so it’s hard not to watch every game. I just have to keep remembering that Aaron Rodgers winning is not dependent on me watching the game, and that my future career is dependent on how much I practice those data structures and OOP problems!

### What will you do next week?
Next week, I hope to continue to ramp up my interview prep and studying. I also hope to start on Project 2 ASAP, as I want to finish before the career fair so I can focus on the interviews that will, hopefully, soon follow fair. 

Class this week was a little confusing, mainly because of the pointer/references stuff. Like Dr. Downing said, I don’t really foresee myself understanding the concepts unless I sit down on the computer and start running examples and examining the outputs. That’s something else I hope to do this upcoming week. 

### Pick of the week
Download the LinkedIn Jobs app. It's great app that helped me find my last internship. You can save searches, so, for example, I was looking to be in Austin last summer, so I saved a search for “intern” in the Austin area this way every time an internship was posted I would get a notification. Also, lots of internships get posted on LinkedIn that are not on Handshake or any UT Job board. 
