---
layout: post
title: Week One
---

### What did I do this past week?

I have been told over and over again by UTCS graduates that you can't really say you did UTCS unless you've taken a class with Dr. Downing. Alas, here I am. This week has been a little scary, to say the least -- I'm taking 18 hours.  In addition to OOP this past week, I also started the language portion of my History major. I'm taking Intensive Arabic 1, a 6 hour course. The amount of HW we have everyday is a tad bit insane, nevertheless, I'm quite excited for the intellectual challenge that learning one of the hardest languages in the world will offer. Speaking of intellectual challenges, I also am taking CS 331 -- Algorithms & Complexity with Dr. Gal. She seems like a very cheerful and passionate professor. I'm excited to start exploring proofs again. Proofs, while something I was never amazingly talented at, are, on occasion, exciting problems. I am definitely very happy with my courses this semester. 

### What's in your way?

I have not used C++ before. I also have never used any of the developer tools Dr. Downing is having us use this semester. While these are currently "in my way", I'm excited to begin conquering them.

### What will you do next week?

Next week I plan on doing readings and starting on Project 1. I also hope to continue working on side projects -- currently working on building a couple simple web apps and iOS apps just so I can start learning JS and Swift.

So far, I've greatly enjoyed the OOP class, as I like the fact Dr. Downing takes the time to go through every single line of code in the example programs. While I do find it a little intimidating that Dr. Downing cold calls on students, it is, at the end of the day, beneficial for all of us -- it keeps us on our toes and makes sure we're staying up to date with the class. I have zero experience with C++, and my first exposure to C was with Dr. Gheith's 429 class this past summer; however, so far, I have felt quite comfortable with the example code and lectures, as Dr. Downing always relates it back to Java and explains the logic behind each line. So while syntax is somewhat of a barrier, it is lessend with Dr. Downing's lecture style/strategies. Overall, I'm quite excited for OOP because of the various tools we're going to get to use, the fact I'll learn C++ thoroughly, and, of course, the fact I'll now be able to say I did UTCS the right way. 

### Pick of the week

As I mentioned above, I'm currently trying to pick up iOS development. I have found two online courses quite helpful in this adventure, one on [Udacity: Intro to iOS App Development with Swift](https://www.udacity.com/course/intro-to-ios-app-development-with-swift--ud585) and one on [Udemy: Swift, PHP & MySQL. User Sign Up, Sign In, Sign out and more](https://www.udemy.com/swift-php-mysql-user-sign-up-sign-in-sign-out-and-more/).
