---
layout: post
title: Week Seven
---

### What did I do this past week?
This past week I was mainly focused on my three exams – OOP, Algo, and Arabic. None of the tests were crazy hard, but were of a medium difficulty. 

### What's in your way?
I would say not much is in my way. I have some interviews this week. That might get in the way of me making progress on Project 3 as well as my paper that’s due this upcoming week. 

### What will you do next week?
This next week I’ll be doing some interviews and studying for more interviews. Unfortunately, I’ll have to skip some classes here and there for interviews (not this one of course!). I also have another paper due this upcoming week so I’ll have to work on that as well. 
This past week of class was great – I did well on the quizzes and I understood Monday’s class topics fairly well. I thought the test was extremely fair, as everything that was on it was discussed in class. Do I believe I aced it? Probably not. Should I have studied more for it? Absolutely. Overall, I don’t think the test went too badly for me, and I think it was very, very fair. Only thing I wished was conducted better was the signing in process, as it just took very long.


### Pick of the week
Check out glassdoor.com. Glassdoor has a ton of interview questions, salary statistics, and reviews for lots of companies. Great resource to get numbers for salary negotiation and a great way to get info on what kind of technical questions a company might ask you. It’s also a great resource on understanding the interview process of companies.
