---
layout: post
title: Week Nine
---
### What did I do this past week?
This past week I was mainly focused on doing some interviews. Have a few 2nd rounds and final rounds this week. None of the interviews were crazy hard technically, but I’m sure the questions will amp up in the upcoming rounds. Also did a fair amount of work on project and my partner and I are almost done. 

### What's in your way?
I would say not much is in my way. I have some more interviews this week. These will probably get in the way of how fast I finish project 3. I also have some Algo algorithm that I am very much struggling on. This week I need to really sit down and read the material.

### What will you do next week?
This next week I’ll be doing some more interviews and doing Algo hw. I also have another Arabic exam, which will be very hard as it’s the first exam we’re going to have with a speaking portion.

This past week of class went well– I did relatively well on the quizzes. I was sort of distracted in class this week as I was thinking a lot about interviews. But this upcoming week I hope to refocus and get back in rhythm. 

### Pick of the week
Besides prepping for the technical portions of interviews, I think it’s super important to be able to answer “Why do you want to work for company X”. This question is always asked and answering with “uhhh I need an internship” does not really qualify as an acceptable answer. I recommend obviously googling it, reading some techcrunch articles, and doing a little bit of research on their official websites.
