---
layout: post
title: Week Five
---

### What did I do this past week?
This week, like most other people, my partner and I finished up the second project and submitted it on time. Another big thing this week for everybody was Career Fair! Unfortunately, didn’t get to spend a ton of time there, but I got to talk to the companies that I wanted to and, like others have experienced, some got back to me super quickly and others not so much. Really looking forward to interviewing/doing coding challenges these next few weeks.

### What's in your way?
Currently, it’s mainly algorithm homework, Arabic homework, another essay due Wednesday, and prepping for the OOP and Algo test next week, both of which are on the same day . 

### What will you do next week?
Next week, I’ll mainly be doing same-old homework but I’ll also be prepping for interviews as well as starting to study for OOP and Algo, mainly reviewing pointers and references for OOP and graph algorithms for algo. For interviews, I plan on looking more at InterviewBit and HackerRank to practice! And I plan on also filling out more random swe applications I find here and there.

I really enjoyed the class this week! The guest speaker on JPL was super interesting. I did relatively on the quizzes again this week, so that’s another positive thing about class this week. I really hope we continue to have these guest speakers, it changes the flow of the class and keeps it alive.
 
### Pick of the week
Everybody should make a personal website. It’s a great, one-stop-shop for recruiters who want to learn about you. You can also host any live projects on your personal website. People typically include a picture, personal blog, links to their github/bitbucket, linkedin, course schedule, etc.
